Narrator:
PREVIOUSLY ON "YU-GI-OH!..."
Joey: DIS PLACE LOOKS NUTHIN'
LIKE BACK HOME.
Tristan:
OF COURSE NOT!
THIS IS
SAN FRANCISCO,
HOME OF
THE GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE!
THIS ISN'T A VACATION.
WE'RE HERE
TO SEE PEGASUS!
[THINKING]
SHE'S RIGHT.
AND BASED ON
THE MESSAGE HE SENT US,
IT SOUNDS LIKE PEGASUS
IS ALREADY IN TROUBLE.
LET'S JUST HOPE
WE GET TO HIM
BEFORE THOSE THIEVES DO!
NOW,
DOOM VIRUS DRAGON,
ATTACK HIS LIFE POINTS
DIRECTLY!
[GROWLING]
HA HA HA! GAME OVER!
I ACTIVATE
CONTAGION OF MADNESS!
Kaiba: IT'S A DRAW!
UNH!
SETO!
HE'S GONE!
Alister:
THIS ISN'T OVER!
I'LL BE BACK!
Joey: ARE WE THERE YET?
HUH?
HEY, WHY'D WE STOP,
MAN?
Joey: WHERE DO YA THINK
YOU'RE GOIN'!?
I DON'T LIKE
THE LOOKS OF THIS!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
IT'S TIME TO
D-D-D-DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
Tea: OK. THIS IS
GETTING RIDICULOUS..
IT'S BEEN, LIKE,
20 MINUTES!
WHAT'S TAKING
THE DRIVER SO LONG?
YEAH. IT'S NOT LIKE
WE HAVE ALL DAY.
I GUESS WE SHOULD
GO CHECK ON DA GUY.
EHH.
Tea: HELLO?
Tristan:
LOOKS LIKE BUSINESS
ISN'T EXACTLY BOOMING.
Joey: DAT'S WEIRD...
DER'S NOBODY HERE.
Tea: BE CAREFUL,
TRISTAN.
THIS DOESN'T LOOK
LIKE THE SAFEST
PLACE TO BE.
HE'S NOT IN
THE LITTLE BOYS'
ROOM.
THEN WHERE'D HE GO?
Joey: HOLD ON!
Yugi:
WHAT'S UP, JOEY?
YEAH, WHAT ARE YOU
LISTENING TO?
DAT!
DO YOU GUYS HEAR DAT NOISE?
UH...
Tristan:
YOU'RE CRAZY.
ALL I HEAR IS
MY STOMACH GROWLING.
Yugi: HOLD ON!
JOEY'S RIGHT!
LISTEN!
[ENGINES REVVING]
Yugi: THEY'RE
GETTING CLOSER!
Tristan:
WHOEVER IT IS,
WE GOT TO
FLAG 'EM DOWN!
WELL,
LET'S JUST HOPE
THE NATIVES
ARE FRIENDLY.
Tristan: GUYS...
I GOT A FEELING
THEY'RE NOT HERE
TO RESCUE US.
Biker: YOU KIDS
SHOULDN'T BE
ROAMING AROUND
THESE PARTS.
Different biker:
YEAH, YOU NEVER KNOW
WHO MIGHT DRIVE BY.
HEY, YOU GUYS
GOT A PROBLEM?!
GAS STATION'S CLOSED.
SO JUST MOVE ON.
Yami-Yi: YUGI.....
WHAT'S WRONG, PHARAOH?
THIS LOOKS
DANGEROUS.
LET ME TAKE OVER.
YU-GI-OH!
Tea:
WHAT DO YOU GUYS
WANT, ANYWAY?
DIDN'T I TELL YOU
TO GET LOST!?
I DON'T BELIEVE
THEY'RE TAKING
YOUR ADVICE.
I GUESS THE SPIKY-HAIRED KID'S
THE SMART ONE.
WHAT NOW?
HEY, I JUST GOT
A GREAT IDEA,
GUYS.
RUN!
Rafael: HA HA HA!
THE PHARAOH AND HIS PALS
ARE OURS!
Valon: RIGHT.
THEY'LL NEVER
OUTRUN OUR CHOPPERS.
WHAT SHOULD WE DO?
WHATEVER
WE HAVE TO!
READY TO DANCE?
HA HA HA!
WELL, GUESS THEY'RE
NOT FIGHTIN' FAIR!
GOOD GUESS, KID.
HA HA HA!
LET'S ROCK AND ROLL,
BOYS!
[BIKERS LAUGHING]
[SHOUTING]
UNH!
Biker:
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
DON'T LOOK AT ME.
WAIT A SEC! WHO'S THAT?
AAH!
OHH!
[BIKERS YELLING]
WHAT'S GOING ON?
LET'S ASK
QUESTIONS LATER!
UH, YEAH.
HUH?
HMM.
Girl:
I'LL TAKE THAT!
EH?
THANKS, HON.
HUH?
IT'S MAI!
GOING MY WAY?
AAH!
DAT'S NOT GOOD.
EHH...
HURRY UP! GET IN!
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Tristan: HANG ON!
[THINKING]
OH, NO! MAI!
[SIGH]
SO, WAIT...
WHO JUST
SAVED US?
MAI DID! I SAW HER!
HUH?
YOU SERIOUS?
MAI?
[REVS ENGINE]
Rafael:
SOMEONE OUT THERE
LIKES TO CRASH PARTIES.
LET'S FIND OUT WHO.
[THINKING]
I ALREADY KNOW.
AND I KNOW JUST
WHERE SHE'S GOING, TOO.
Mokuba:
HOW COULD ALISTER
JUST DISAPPEAR
LIKE THAT?
I DON'T KNOW,
AND FRANKLY.....
I DON'T CARE.
SETO,
AREN'T YOU WORRIED
HE'LL COME BACK
FOR REVENGE?
IT'S TIME TO PAY
FOR YOUR FATHER'S CRIME...
BY GIVING UP YOUR SOUL!
YOU HEARD HIM.
HE HAS THE POWER
TO STEAL SOULS!
COME ON.
YOU BELIEVE
THAT NONSENSE?
ALISTER WAS JUST
A DESPERATE LOONEY
WHO WANTED A SHOT
AT BEATING A REAL DUELIST.
HE DIDN'T HAVE
ANY MAGIC POWERS, MOKUBA.
BUT, SETO.....
THAT
ORICHALCOS THING
SEEMED PRETTY REAL
TO ME!
[THINKING]
THAT HAD TO BE A TRICK.
BUT WHAT I DON'T GET
IS HOW THIS CARD
GOT IN MY DECK.
I MUST BE HALLUCINATING!
Dark Magician Girl:
KAIBA!
YOU HAVE BEEN CHOSEN
TO RELEASE
THE MIGHTY CRITIUS!
[ROAR]
ALL RIGHT...
I'M JUST ABOUT READY
TO WAKE UP FROM THIS DREAM.
Dark Magician Girl:
NOW JOIN FORCES!
ANYTHING
TO SHUT YOU UP!
THIS IS ONE OF
THE MOST POWERFUL CARDS
I'VE EVER SEEN.
I DON'T KNOW
WHERE IT CAME FROM,
BUT I HAVE TO FIND OUT
MORE ABOUT IT,
AND THERE'S
ONLY ONE PERSON
WHO WOULD HAVE
THAT KIND OF INFORMATION...
THE REAL PEGASUS!
SETO, THERE'S
AN E-MAIL FROM H.Q.
THEY NEED US
TO COME BACK.
I'M THE PRESIDENT
OF THIS COMPANY,
AND I'LL DECIDE
WHAT WE DO.
AND RIGHT NOW,
WE NEED TO PAY
A VISIT TO PEGASUS.
Mokuba: INITIATING
NAVIGATION SYSTEM.
ACTIVATING
REAR THRUSTERS.
SETTING COURSE
FOR INDUSTRIAL ILLUSIONS
HEADQUARTERS..
Tristan:
SO THE CAR
OVERHEATED.
SUE ME!
Joey:
DO US A FAVOR.
FROM NOW ON,
LET A PRO
DO DA DRIVING, HAH?
DAT WAY,
WE WON'T GET LEFT
HIGH AND DRY
IN A DESERT NEXT TIME.
Tristan: HEY!
IF YOU HADN'T TAKEN
YOUR SWEET TIME
GETTING IN,
I WOULDN'T HAVE
TO DRIVE SO FAST,
AND THE CAR
WOULD'VE BEEN FINE.
[GROWLS]
OH! SO IT'S MY FAULT
WE'RE WALKIN'?
I'M GLAD YOU AGREE,
WHEELER!
STOP!
GRR!
TEA IS RIGHT, YOU TWO.
THIS IS NOT THE TIME
TO BE FIGHTING ONE ANOTHER.
Tea: EXACTLY!
WHAT WE NEED NOW
IS A PLAN.
AGREED.
THE FIRST THING
WE NEED TO DO
IS LOCATE PEGASUS.
YUGI...SEEMS LIKE
WHOEVER'S AFTER PEGASUS
KNOWS WE'RE HERE,
AND I BET
THEY GOT TO HIM FIRST.
SO WE HAVE TO BE
REALLY CAREFUL.
YEAH, GOOD CALL.
NOW, PHASE TWO...
HOW DO WE GET THERE
WITHOUT A CAR?
[TIRES SCREECH]
WHAT'S THAT?
Joey: HOPE IT'S NOT
MORE BIKERS.
[COUNTRY MUSIC PLAYING]
[HORN HONKS]
[TIRES SCREECH]
HI.
Joey: HELLO.
HMM?
[JOEY AND TRISTAN
CHUCKLING]
HMM.
Joey:
THANKS, TRISTAN.
THIS IS MUCH BETTER
THAN THE LIMO!
Tristan:
NO ONE THINKS
YOU'RE FUNNY, JOEY.
[THINKING]
IT'S GOOD TA BE
ON THE ROAD AGAIN.
BUT I'M STILL CONFUSED
ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED BEFORE.
I'VE GOT A QUESTION.
YOU SAID MAI HELPED US OUT
BACK THERE...
BUT HOW'D YA KNOW
IT WAS HER?
DAT'S EASY, TEA,
HER CARD.
SHE WAS CARRYING
HARPIE LADY.
IT'S MAI TRADEMARK.
Mai: I'LL TAKE THAT!
HUH?
OH!
PLUS I GOT
A GLIMPSE OF HER
THROUGH HER HELMET.
I KNEW WE'D RUN
INTO HER SOME DAY!
AND DID YA SEE
HOW SHE TOOK CARE
'A DOSE BIKER CREEPS?
Tristan:
THAT WAS AWESOME!
YEAH, IT MAKES ME GLAD
SHE'S ON OUR SIDE!
Yugi, thinking: TRUE...
BUT SOMETHING'S BUGGING ME...
WHY DIDN'T SHE STICK AROUND?
Rex: COULD THIS DAY
GET ANY WORSE?
I'VE BEEN STUFFED
IN A SMELLY GYM BAG,
DUMPED OFF
IN THE WORST PART OF TOWN
AND USED AS A TRAMPOLINE
BY A BUNCH 'A STREET PUNKS!
THINK OF IT
THIS WAY...
THINGS CAN'T GET
ANY WORSE!
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
AAH! MY WALLET!
OUR MONEY!
Weevil: GET BACK HERE!
Rex: LIKE HE'S GONNA
LISTEN TO YOU?
UNH!
Weevil: SEE?
HE DID LISTEN!
HUH?
HERE...
...I THINK THIS
BELONGS TO YOU.
Duke: SO YOU GUYS
KNOW YUGI, HUH?
I GOTTA SAY
THIS IS PRETTY WILD.
I MEAN, WHAT ARE
THE ODDS I'D
RUN INTO
TWO OF YUGI'S
FRIENDS IN MY NECK
'A THE WOODS!?
HIS FRIENDS?
YOU ARE HIS FRIENDS,
RIGHT?
NO WAY, JOSE!
OF COURSE!
WE'RE BEST FRIENDS!
GOTTA LOVE
THAT YUGI!
WORK WITH ME
HERE, REX,
THIS COULD BE
OUR BIG BREAK!
THEN YOU CAN TELL ME
IF THE RUMORS ARE TRUE.
...WORD ON THE STREET IS
YUGI LOST ALL THREE
OF HIS EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS.
I HATE TO TELL
YOU, DUKE,
BUT THE RUMORS
ARE TRUE.
A BUNCH OF HOOLIGANS
SWIPED 'EM
RIGHT AFTER
THE TOURNAMENT.
IT'S REALLY QUITE
A SHAME ISN'T IT?
CARDS AS STRONG
AS THOSE
FALLING INTO
THE WRONG HANDS?
HEE HEE HEE!
SO WE FLEW ALL THE WAY
TO SAN FRANCISCO
TO TRY AND HELP
OUR BESTEST PAL YUGI
GET HIS EGYPTIAN
GOD CARDS BACK!
WE HEARD
MAXIMILLION PEGASUS
MIGHT HAVE SOME
INFORMATION ABOUT
WHERE TO FIND 'EM.
OKAY. LET'S GO.
AFTER ALL
WHAT KINDA FRIENDS
WOULD WE BE
IF WE DIDN'T LEND
A HAND RIGHT?
NEXT STOP...
INDUSTRIAL ILLUSIONS
HEADQUARTERS!
YES!
SWEET!
Tristan: HELLO!?
PEGASUS!?
THE PLACE IS
COMPLETELY EMPTY!
Joey: WELL, MAYBE
IT'S LIKE
SOME KINDA HOLIDAY
OR SOMETHIN'.
THEN WHY WERE
THE FRONT DOORS
LEFT WIDE OPEN?
IT'S JUST WEIRD.
Yugi: I'VE GOT
A BAD FEELING
ABOUT THIS.
SO DO I.
I SUSPECT THE THIEVES
THAT WERE AFTER PEGASUS
MAY HAVE
ALREADY FOUND HIM.
AND IF THAT'S THE CASE,
I'M SURE THEY'RE
EXPECTING US.
HEY, YOU GUYS!
THE PHONE'S AREN'T WORKING!
OH NO!
WE'RE TRAPPED!
UNH!
DESE DINGS WON'T BUDGE!
WE'VE BEEN TRICKED!
AH, MAN! NOT AGAIN!
STAY CALM.
[ENGINE STARTS]
Joey: SOUNDS LIKE
WE'RE NOT ALONE!
OHH!
WHOA!
HUH?
MAI? IS DAT YOU?
MAI!
IT IS YOU!
HATE TO SAY I TOLD YA SO,
BUT I DID!
AS FOR YOU, WHAT BRINGS
YOU TO SAN FRANCISCO,
MAI, DA TROLLEYS?!?
HMPH.
GUESS NOT.
DON'T WE GET A "HI!?"
WHAT'S WITH
THE SILENT TREATMENT, MAI?
I'M NOT MAI.
AT LEAST NOT
THE MAI YOU KNEW.
WHAT!?
YOU HEARD ME.
BUT HOW DID YOU GET
PAST MY SECURITY!?
I GUESS YOUR OFFICE
ISN'T AS SECURE
AS YOU THINK IT IS,
MONEY BAGS!
I KNOW YOU!
YOU'RE MAI VALENTINE!
TELL ME, WHY DID YOU
COME HERE?!
GOOD QUESTION.
I CAME HERE
TO DUEL YOU.
AND TO TAKE
YOUR SOUL!
NOOOOO!
THIS DUEL'S NOT OVER!
I STILL HAVE
100 LIFE POINTS LEFT!
NOT FOR LONG!
MY MOVE!
YOU THOUGHT IT WAS
FUN TO STEAL
PEOPLE'S SOULS
IN DUELIST KINGDOM,
DIDN'T YOU?
WELL NOW
IT'S TIME FOR ME
TO HAVE
A LITTLE FUN!
I ACTIVATE
HARPIE LADY
PHOENIX FORMATION!
SINCE I HAVE
SIX HARPIES
IT LETS ME
DESTROY UP TO SIX
OF YOUR MONSTERS!
OH NO!
[ROARING]
AND THANKS
TO MY MAGIC CARD
THE SUM
OF YOUR MONSTERS'
ATTACK POINTS
GETS SUBTRACTED FROM
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
NOOOO!
THIS CAN'T BE HAPPENING!
ALRIGHT, GANG...
SAY HELLO TO PEGASUS!
WHAT!?
WHOA...
IS THAT REALLY HIM?
AH...QUESTION:
DID YOU DO THAT TA HIM!?
LOOK! YOU BETTA
START TALKIN'!
Valon: OR ELSE WHAT!?
HUH?
WHAT'S 'A MATTER,
WHEELER,
DID YOUR LITTLE
REUNION WITH MAI
NOT GO AS WELL
AS YOU EXPECTED IT TO?
AND YOU!
WHY ARE YOU KEEPIN'
THESE GUYS
ALL FOR YOURSELF, MAI?
WHY DONCHA SHOW
SOME MANNERS
AND SHARE
THE FUN WITH US?
MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS,
YOU LACKEY.
THESE GEEKS ARE MINE,
SO DEAL WITH IT.
GEEKS!?
BUT WE'RE
YOUR FRIENDS MAI.
FORGET IT JOEY,
YOU DON'T HAVE TO SAY
ANYTHING MUSHY.
WHAT YOU DID FOR ME
BACK THERE SAID IT ALL.
YOU KNOW...
...MY FAVORITE THING
ABOUT THIS
ENTIRE TOURNAMENT...
WAS THAT I GOT TO
KNOW YOU.
THANK YOU, MAI.
RIGHT BACK AT 'CHA.
PLEASE, MAI, TELL ME
THIS IS ALL A JOKE!
YOU'RE ON OUR SIDE
REMEMBER!?
GREAT. MAI TOTALLY
SOLD US OUT!
NO! MAI WOULD NEVER
DO THAT!
TELL 'IM. YOU'RE STILL
OUR FRIEND, RIGHT?
TIME TO EXPLAIN
YOURSELF..
I WAS NEVER A PART
OF YOUR LITTLE PLAYGROUP.
AND NOW I'M GONNA
BREAK YOU APART ONE BY ONE.
AND, WHEELER...
I'M STARTING WITH YOU!
FINE.
IT'S PAYBACK TIME,
AND IT ALL STARTS, NOW!
AND TA THINK...
I WAS ONCE PATHETIC ENOUGH
TO CALL YOU MY FRIEND.
BUT NOW I KNOW THE TRUTH!
YOU WERE HOLDING ME BACK
FROM ACHIEVING TRUE POWER!
SO SAY HELLO
TO MY REAL FRIEND!
THE SEAL OF ORICHALCOS!
THIS CARD'S DONE
MORE FOR ME
THAN YOU LOSERS
EVER COULD!
[SCREAMING]
Yami-Yugi:
OH NO! NOT THIS!
[JOEY GRUNTING]
HA HA HA!
IF YOU'RE SCARED NOW,
JUST WAIT 'TIL YOU LOSE!
WAKE UP, MAI!
THIS THING'S NOTHIN'
BUT BAD NEWS!
IT'S MESSIN' UP
YOUR HEAD, BIG TIME!
DONCHA REMEMBA
EVERYTHING
WE'VE BEEN
THROUGH TOGETHA?
JUST DITCH DAT
FREAKY CARD,
AND THINGS CAN BE DA
WAY THEY USE TA BE!
AH...MAI?
HA HA HA!
MAI!
IT'S EXACTLY
AS I FEARED.
THE ORICHALCOS
CONTROLS HER.
THIS DUEL MUST END!
OTHERWISE SHE'S GONNA
DO THE SAME THING TO JOEY
THAT SHE DID TO PEGASUS!
NO SHE WON'T!
CAUSE HE'LL WIN!
MAI...LET'S TALK.
THERE'S GOTTA BE
ANOTHER WAY
TA SETTLE DIS.
SORRY, HUN!
I PLAY...HARPIE LADY!
[SCREECHES]
AS LONG AS MY MAGIC CARD
IS IN PLAY...
EVERY ONE OF MY MONSTERS
FALLS UNDER ITS CONTROL!
GIVING THEM FIVE HUNDRED
EXTRA ATTACK POINTS!
COME ON, MAI!
SOMEONE'S
GONNA GET HURT!
YEAH, THAT'S THE POINT.
WHOEVER LOSES THE DUEL,
LOSES THEIR SOUL!
NO...I CAN'T...
I WON'T!
LOOK, MAI...
I'M NOT GONNA
LOSE YOU AGAIN!
WE GOTTA STOP
THIS DUEL NOW!